Update to save button (#7429)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/zaraz/reference/settings.md

# Zaraz settings

> To configure Zaraz's general settings, select [**Zaraz**](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone/zaraz) > **Settings**. Make sure to save changes after making them by clicking the Save button. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Zaraz's general settings, select [**Zaraz**](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone/zaraz) > **Settings**. Make sure you save your changes, by selecting the **Save** button  after making them. 
```
